Update deprecated-features-platform.md (#2500)
MicrosoftDocs/dynamics365smb-devitpro-pb: dev-itpro/upgrade/deprecated-features-platform.md

The following feature will be **Removed** with [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../developer/includes/prod_short.md)] 2023 release wave 1.

|Removed or Replaced? |Why?|
|---------|---------|

> |Removed | Support for the file format .flf for Business Central license files for on-premises deployments will be removed in a later release. Please transition to using the newer .bclicense format instead. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Removed | Support for the file format .flf for Business Central license files for on-premises deployments will be removed in the 2023 release wave 1 (version 22.0). Please transition to using the newer .bclicense format instead. |
```
